hey folks the sandwich boys high school
hockey team is in the state finals the
Blue Knights face off against Wilmington
sunday at the TD banknorth garden in
boston for all the marbles and yesterday
Cape Cass caught up with this team of
destiny
well Google sandwich sandwich aki
they're flying down the ice go to state
final we'll go go
Go Go sandwich rushing on down the way
we watch a stick work in those defenses
we've earned the opportunity to be in
the state finals up at the TD banknorth
gardens on Sunday sandwich has never
been in this position so it was it's a
big deal for the for the program for the
community for the school and we're just
happy to have the opportunity to honor
the town and and we hope that we do do a
great job and bring the trophy back home
Sunday I can't even wait it's like I've
watched the Bruins play at the fleet
center all my life and I've always
wondered what it's like to play with
tens of thousands people watching her
and I don't know it's gonna I can't wait
I can't believe yet everyone just real
excited at school it pumped up for the
game can't wait to come out and support
us I just really think we've come
together over the past few years we work
hard coach works as hard we never give
up just learned a lot through the tough
battles we've been through with Jeff
Hayes and I coach having a brain tumor a
couple years ago it's just really
brought us all together
Google sandwich
sandwich get up there
you